UltraCAD - A high end General-Purpose CAD system for the Commodore AMIGA

A very user-friendly package for the generation of high quality
artwork on many commonly available plotters, laser printers, and
dot matrix printers.

Drawing objects can be grouped by different attributes, the number of 
which are limited only by memory.  All attributes can have names of
up to 30 characters.  Attributes allow the user to extensively organize
their drawings and provides flexible mechanisms for manipulating, 
updating and storing drawing elements.  Attributes include:

	Lettering Styles - For the sizing, slant, aspect, and font used
		for classes of text.  Text sizes can be scaled to the
		drawing scale or to the output sheet size. 

	Layers - For the segregation of items by subject.  

	Groups - Groups allow objects to be organized hierarchically by
		assembly or class.  Any level of the drawing can be
		delcared the beginning of a drawing assembly.

	Pen Style - Used to determine the appearance of display and plotted
		lines.  This data is also used by the plotting program
		to specify how the output will appear.
	
UltraCAD has a powerful editing tool called the Clipboard.  Drawing elements
can be placed in the clipboard, and then can be deleted, moved, copied, 
rotated, scaled, flipped and stretched.  Items in the clipboard can also
be quickly moved from one attribute type to another, allowing the drawing
organization to be rapidly changed.  Clipboards can also be saved to disk,
and merged into the current drawing from disk.

Text can be positioned anywhere in the drawing, and its appearance is controlled
by its lettering style attribute.  The style allows standardized drafting
procedures to be utilized which call for lettering to be drawn at given
sizes and arrangements.  Different type styles are available from simple
drawing fonts to complex multiple stroke fonts which enhance the appearance
of any drawing and give them a truly professional touch.

Drawing size units can be converted automatically back and forth from metric
to english units for both lengths and angles.   Includes standard english
architectural units as well and engineering english and metric units.

Often used drawing elements can be assembled into template libraries, which 
can then be inserted into new drawings as they are composed.  Libraries can
be used to reduce effort, and can be used to standardize your drafting 
procedures as well.  Canned standard libraries and additional fonts 
will soon be available as separate product offerings.

The zoom and pan feature allows the drawing to be viewed to whatever detail
is desired, and like drawing a picture of the earth to scale allows work to
be done from huge strokes down to microscopic detail.

Items on the screen can either be colored by their attributes.  Objects
can be colored by layer, group, or pen.  This can be switched back and
forth and can provide useful presentation possibilities.  Items can
also be ghosted (displayed with a dim grey dotted line), or can be
turned off altogether if desired.  This allows comments, registration
lines, or multiple option drawings (such as metric/english, or multi language)
to be created and maintained.  This also allows parts of the drawing which
are not currently being maintained to be turned off, to reduce clutter or
redraw time.  Items can also be turned on or off on the plotter for the 
same effect.  Layers, Groups, and Pen Styles can also be locked so that no 
changes can be accidentally made to finished drawing segments.
